The cost of withdrawal transaction must be zero if the withdrawal transaction was made for an account that was opened by a business customer.
"The cost of withdrawal transaction", "must be", "zero if the withdrawal transaction was made for an account"
"The cost of withdrawal transaction", "must be", "zero"
"the withdrawal transaction", "was made", "for an account"
"an account", "is opened", "by a business customer"

The cost of withdrawal transaction must be zero if the withdrawal transaction was made for an account for which the owner is a business customer.
"The cost of withdrawal transaction", "must be", "zero if the withdrawal transaction was made for an account"
"The cost of withdrawal transaction", "must be", "zero"
"the withdrawal transaction", "was made", "for an account"
"the owner", "is", "a business customer for an account"
"the owner", "is", "a business customer"

The cost of transfer transaction must be zero if the source is the same as the target.
"The cost of transfer transaction", "must be", "zero if the source is the same as the target"
"The cost of transfer transaction", "must be", "zero"
"the source", "is", "the same as the target"
"the source", "is", "the same"

The cost of transfer transaction must be zero if the source and target accounts are the same.
"The cost of transfer transaction", "must be", "zero if the source and target accounts are the same"
"The cost of transfer transaction", "must be", "zero"
"the source and target accounts", "are", "the same"

The machine of each withdrawal transaction must be managed by the bank to which the source of transaction is contained in.
"The machine of each withdrawal transaction", "must be managed", "by the bank"
"the source of transaction", "is contained", "in to the bank"
"the source of transaction", "is contained", "to the bank"

It is necessary that a balance of Personal Account be negative if the address of the bank that serves the account is localized in US
"It", "is", "necessary that a balance of Personal Account be negative if the address of the bank is localized in US"
"a balance of Personal Account", "be", "negative if the address of the bank is localized in US"
"the bank", "serves", "the account"
"the address of the bank", "is", "localized in US"
"the address of the bank", "is", "localized"

Each ATM’s location must be close to the bank’s location the ATM is managed by.
"Each ATM", "has", "location"
"Each ATM 's location", "must be", "close to the bank 's location"
"Each ATM 's location", "must be", "close"
"the bank", "has", "location"
"the ATM", "is managed", "by the bank 's location"

Client must open at most one account.
"Client", "must open", "at most one account"

Each bank must compose at least one account.
"Each bank", "must compose", "at least one account"

It is possible, that a buyer opens at most one account.
"It", "is", "possible that a buyer opens at most one account"
"a buyer", "opens", "at most one account"

An account must be composed in at most one bank.
"An account", "must be composed", "in at most one bank"

Location of an Atm must be different than the address of a bank.
"Location of an Atm", "must be", "different than the address of a bank"
"Location of an Atm", "must be", "different"

Location of an Atm must be different than the bank’s address.
"Location of an Atm", "must be", "different than the bank 's address"
"Location of an Atm", "must be", "different"
"the bank", "has", "address"

Each customer’s number must be unique.
"Each customer", "has", "number"
"Each customer 's number", "must be", "unique"

Each personal account must be opened by at most one client.
"Each personal account", "must be opened", "by at most one client"

A business customer must open at least one personal account.
"A business customer", "must open", "at least one personal account"

A buyer must open at most one account.
"A buyer", "must open", "at most one account"

Personal account must be opened by one business customer.
"Personal account", "must be opened", "by one business customer"

A personal account must be opened by one business customer.
"A personal account", "must be opened", "by one business customer"

An atm must be managed by at most one bank.
"An atm", "must be managed", "by at most one bank"

A bank must manage at least one atm.
"A bank", "must manage", "at least one atm"

An account must be enclosed in at most one bank.
"An account", "must be enclosed", "in at most one bank"

Each person must open one bank account.
"Each person", "must open", "one bank account"

First name of customer must be different from customer family name.
"First name of customer", "must be", "different from customer family name"
"First name of customer", "must be", "different"

Customer must open at most one customer account.
"Customer", "must open", "at most one customer account"

It is necessary that each account belongs to one client.
"It", "is", "necessary that each account belongs to one client"
"each account", "belongs", "to one client"

Cutomer must open at least one account.
"Cutomer", "must open", "at least one account"

Account must be given by exactly one owner.
"Account", "must be given", "by exactly one owner"

It is necessary that each account is opened by exactly two guests.
"It", "is", "necessary that each account is opened by exactly two guests"
"each account", "is opened", "by exactly two guests"

Each bank’s first name must be unique.
"Each bank", "has", "first name"
"Each bank 's first name", "must be", "unique"

Bank aggregates many parts.
"Bank", "aggregates", "many parts"

Bank contains many ATM.
"Bank", "contains", "many ATM"